Why are there dozens of people in a family?
I was so cruelly hurt by you
It's not all my fault, but your grandfather's.
Who made him move my cake?
Can I let him go?
What a pity!
You were born a fish who slipped through the net
Oh, my God.
I live in fear
People like you
Should have gone to hell early
Hahaha, what a pity!
It's your grandfather, not me.
Everything after I came down the mountain was deliberately set by you
Really? I just didn't expect it to be so hard for you.
I almost fell into your hands
It still forces me to describe it this way.
Do you think you can escape today, young man?
Don't think that you are amazing if you have a little ability
Back then, I could beat your grandfather
I can fight you today
Don't even think about leaving here alive
Dad?
I don't care who you are.
I don't care what happens to you
Dr. Ye, he saved your life?
You can't embarrass him
What do you know?
Go back so you don't get your eyes dirty
Dr. Ye is a good man
Don't do this to him.
Enough, you know what a good person is
What is a bad person?
In my eyes
Only you get out